Documentation search overhaul (#17230)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/_index.md

aliases:
    - /overview
    - /getting_started/faq/

> further_reading:
>     - link: 'https://learn.datadoghq.com/course/view.php?id=18'
>       tag: 'Learning Center'
>       text: 'Introduction to Datadog'

Reviewer: This is a 404 link. maybe:
```suggestion
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://learn.datadoghq.com/'
      tag: 'Learning Center'
      text: 'Take a course to get started with Datadog'
```

aliases:
    - /overview
    - /getting_started/faq/
further_reading:
    - link: 'https://learn.datadoghq.com/course/view.php?id=18'
      tag: 'Learning Center'
      text: 'Introduction to Datadog'
cascade:
    algolia:
        rank: 70
        category: Getting Started

>         subcategory: Documentation

Reviewer: Can we just remove the subcategory? Or put a different subcat on each GS page?

Reviewer 2: If we remove the subcategory, the subcategory will default to the [page title](https://datadoghq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/WEB/pages/2898167073/Documentation+Search+2.0+WIP#Category-%26-Subcategory).

>         subcategory: Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
